India-Pakistan Ceasefire News Live: Rahul Gandhi writes to PM, demands special Parliament session on Op Sindoor
India Today News Desk
India Today News Desk
New Delhi,UPDATED: May 11, 2025 13:25 IST
India-Pakistan Tension Live Updates: India accused Pakistan of ceasefire violation hours after foreign secretary Vikram Misri announced that India and Pakistan had reached an understanding to stop all firings and military actions on land, air and sea with immediate effect late on Saturday. However, the situation along the LoC is stable now while western border states are on high alert. PM Modi is currently having a security meeting with NSA Ajit Doval, Defence minister Rajnath Singh, CDS Anil Chauhan and military chiefs. India and Pakistan agreed to halt military actions hours after intense cross-border strikes. The escalation followed India's Operation Sindoor, launched in response to the April 22 Pahalgam terror attack that killed 26 people.
...Read More
PM Modi and Rahul Gandhi
PM Modi and Rahul Gandhi
Barely hours after a ceasefire agreement was announced by US President Donald Trump, Pakistan late on Saturday night launched a series of missile and drone attacks across the Line of Control (LoC) and the International Border in Jammu and Kashmir, triggering fresh tensions in the already volatile region. However, the situation along the LoC is stable now while western border states are on high alert. Follow our live blog for all the latest updates.

...Read More
May 11, 2025 13:25 IST
India Pakistan news: Rahul Gandhi writes to PM, demands special Parliament session on Op Sindoor
Rahul Gandhi has written to PM Modi and has demanded a special Parliament session on Operation Sindoor. 


May 11, 2025 13:18 IST
Pakistan ceasefire breach: BrahMos booster, nose cap found in Rajasthan’s Bikaner
BrahMos missile components, including the booster and nose cap, were found near Bikaner in Rajasthan. These parts are typically ejected shortly after launch, indicating that the missile likely continued on course and was among the munitions successfully used against Bahawalpur. The discovery suggests that Pakistan once again failed to intercept the BrahMos missile, despite having time to prepare.


May 11, 2025 13:15 IST
India-Pakistan tensions: Meeting at PM's residence ends
PM Modi chaired a key security meeting with Defence minister, NSA Ajit Doval and military chiefs. The meeting has ended now.

May 11, 2025 13:04 IST
India Pakistan news: Sri Lanka President welcomes India-Pakistan ceasefire
Sri Lankan President Anura Kumara Dissanayake welcomed the India-Pakistan ceasefire understanding and said, “Sparing innocent lives and choosing dialogue over conflict is true statesmanship. As a neighbour and friend, Sri Lanka stands ready to support lasting peace and regional stability through constructive engagement”.


May 11, 2025 12:57 IST
India Pakistan News: Yogi Adityanath confirms use of BrahMos in Operation Sindoor
At the BrahMos missile inauguration event, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath said, "You must have seen the power of the BrahMos missile during Operation Sindoor; if not, ask any Pakistani." He added, "Terrorism is like a dog’s tail that will never straighten — it must be answered in the same language."

May 11, 2025 12:50 IST
India Pakistan tension: Operation Sindoor continues, says Air Force
The Indian Air Force says Operation Sindoor is ongoing after the India-Pak ceasefire and that a briefing will be in due course. 

The Indian Air Force (IAF) has successfully executed its assigned tasks in Operation Sindoor, with precision and professionalism. Operations were conducted in a deliberate and discreet manner, aligned with National Objectives. Since the operations are still ongoing, a detailed briefing will be conducted in due course. The IAF urges all to refrain from speculation and dissemination of unverified information, said the IAF.

May 11, 2025 12:20 IST
Operation Sindoor: Visuals of PM Modi chairing key security meet at his residence

 

May 11, 2025 11:59 IST
Pakistan ceasefire violation Live: Manish Tewari seeks special Parliament session on ‘US-brokered ceasefire’
Congress MP Manish Tewari on Sunday said that since 1990, every time tensions have escalated between India and Pakistan, there has been external intervention. Referring to US Senator Marco Rubio's statement announcing the ceasefire and future talks at a neutral venue, Tewari said, "It's a hard truth, and you cannot hide." He called for a special session of Parliament to address the implications of what the US termed a "US-brokered ceasefire."

May 11, 2025 11:39 IST
Ceasefire violation by Pakistan: Wreath-laying ceremony for BSF officer killed during cross-border firing today
A wreath-laying ceremony with full force honours will be held at the Frontier Headquarters in Jammu at 12 pm today to pay tribute to Sub Inspector Md Imteyaz of the 07 Battalion, BSF. He was killed on May 10 during cross-border firing along the International Boundary in the R S Pura area while leading a BSF Border Out Post.

May 11, 2025 10:57 IST
Operation Sindoor: Tri-service chiefs, CDS arrive at PM Modi’s residence amid tensions with Pak
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is having a key security meeting with the three service chiefs and CDS Anil Chauhan at his residence. Defence Minister Rajnath Singh and NSA Ajit Doval were also present at the meeting. 

May 11, 2025 10:49 IST
India-Pak tensions: Air Chief Marshal reaches prime minister's residence
Air Chief Marshal Amar Preet Singh has reached 7, Lok Kalyan Marg, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's official residence. This comes a day after India and Pakistan agreed to a ceasefire.

May 11, 2025 10:44 IST
India-Pak ceasefire live: Kapil Sibal demands special Parliament session
Senior Congress leader Kapil Sibal on Sunday praised the Indian armed forces for giving a "befitting reply" to Pakistan, adding that the entire nation stood united against terrorism. "The way the army targeted Pakistan's terror camps is significant. We salute our forces," he said.

Sibal also reiterated his demand for a special session of Parliament to inform the nation about how the recent India-Pakistan conflict was de-escalated. "We can't wait for the Monsoon Session. Delaying it will only worsen the atmosphere," he said.

Recalling the Pahalgam attack, Sibal criticised the absence of Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the all-party meeting. He said, "Maybe Bihar was more important for him." He also questioned why PM Modi skipped a planned visit to Kashmir, calling the lack of answers "unfortunate" and "disrespectful."

May 11, 2025 10:31 IST
India-Pak ceasefire live: Congress seeks all-party meet chaired by PM Modi
Commenting on the ceasefire agreement between India and Pakistan, Congress leader Jairam Ramesh said that the Indian National Congress reiterated its demand for an all-party meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. He added that the party also calls for a special session of Parliament for a full discussion on Pahalgam, Operation Sindoor, and the ceasefire announcements made from Washington DC first and then subsequently by the Governments of India and Pakistan.

He wrote on X, "The Indian National Congress considers that the mention of "neutral site" by US Secretary of State Marco Rubio for dialogue between India and Pakistan raises many questions. Have we abandoned the Simla Agreement? Have we opened the doors to third-party mediation?"

Jairam Ramesh questioned if diplomatic channels between India and Pakistan are being reopened and what commitments India has sought and got.

He added, "The Indian National Congress draws attention to remarks made by two of our former Army Chiefs last evening. These remarks demand answers from the Prime Minister himself. Finally, the Indian National Congress believes it is but natural for the country to recall Indira Gandhi for her extraordinarily courageous and  resolute leadership in 1971."

May 11, 2025 10:18 IST
India-Pak ceasefire: Local markets ready to reopen in Uri, signalling return to normalcy
Residents of the Uri sector breathed a sigh of relief after India and Pakistan announced a ceasefire agreement on Saturday evening. The region had recently seen frequent ceasefire violations, forcing many families to abandon their homes in search of safety. Now, following the ceasefire agreement, displaced villagers have started returning.

Local markets have reopened, indicating a return to normalcy. The ceasefire decision has been warmly received by residents, who are hopeful that this agreement will pave the way for lasting peace along the Line of Control. Many residents voiced optimism that this renewed understanding between the two countries could lead to a more stable and secure life for those living near the border.

May 11, 2025 09:52 IST
India-Pakistan tensions: Chidambaram calls PM Modi's decision to avoid full-scale war a wise move
Senior Congress leader P Chidambaram called PM Modi's decision not to enter a full-scale war a wise decision. 

“PM Modi realised these constraints and wisely chose a calibrated military response limited to selected targets. On Tuesday, May 7, 2025, Indian forces launched missiles and drones aimed at nine targets (4 in Pakistan and 5 in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir), and destroyed what are believed to be the core infrastructure of terrorist groups. It was a deliberately limited operation — both in scale and time — and achieved its objectives. It was a legitimate response of an aggrieved country,” said Chidambaram in a column for a media house.

May 11, 2025 09:12 IST
Pak ceasefire violation: This pause is an understanding not agreement, says BJP general secretary
BJP general secretary (organisation) BL Santhosh, reacting to the ceasefire between India and Pakistan, said on Sunday that the pause is an understanding not agreement.

May 11, 2025 09:01 IST
Ceasefire breached: Ministry of Defence to hold media briefing today amid India-Pakistan tensions
The Ministry of Defence will hold a media briefing today at 11 am on the current situation. Five hours after the foreign secretary Vikram Misri announced that India and Pakistan had reached an understanding to stop all firings and military actions on land, air and sea with immediate effect, reports of ceasefire violations by Pakistan surfaced.  

May 11, 2025 08:43 IST
India on Pakistan's ceasefire breach: Red alert over in Amritsar
The Amritsar administration announced on Sunday that the red alert in the city had been lifted and that people could now resume normal activities.

May 11, 2025 08:38 IST
India-Pakistan Tension: Congress’s Shashi Tharoor says 2025 situation not same as 1971 war
Commenting on the recent understanding reached between India and Pakistan, Congress MP Shashi Tharoor said the situation had been escalating unnecessarily and peace was essential. “We had reached a stage where the escalation was needlessly getting out of control. Peace is necessary for us. The truth is that the circumstances of 1971 are not the circumstances of 2025. There are differences,” Tharoor said.

He added, “This was not a war that we intended to continue. We just wanted to teach terrorists a lesson, and that lesson has been taught. I'm sure the government will continue trying to identify and track the specific individuals who did the horrors of Pahalgam.”

Responding to comparisons on social media between former Prime Minister Indira Gandhi’s actions in 1971 and Prime Minister Narendra Modi's stance amid the current developments, Tharoor said, “1971 was a great achievement. Indira Gandhi rewrote the map of the subcontinent, but the circumstances were different. Bangladesh was fighting a moral cause, and liberating Bangladesh was a clear objective. Just keeping on firing shells at Pakistan is not a clear objective.”